\section{\Glsfmttext{Vikings}}\label{ch:Tribes:Vikings}

\begin{flushright}
	\emph{One with the spirits, one with nature.}
\end{flushright}

Deep within the woods, the blooming meadows live the \gls*{Vikings}. They have
a close connection to nature and its spirits, which they venerate in special
sanctuaries.

In the forest their hunters stalk deer and boars, among the druids and
foragers. The foragers collect herbs and mushrooms for the production of
medicine and (herb) flavored mead and mushroom ale. The wheat for the ale is
grown in small fields in front of their towns, where their craftsmen produce
golden-jewelry, drinking horns, pillows, woolen clothes, candles, leather shoes
and wooden and metal tools. To feed them the backers bake bread and delicious
chestnut- and apple pies. Should the miller be sick, the instead feast on meat,
fish and apples.

Their houses are built from timber, boards and stones. Their hamlets protected
by simple palisades, their villages by wooden walls and towers and their cities
by stone walls, towers and the spirits the so cherish.

While the fish are caught on the shore, sheep and oxen are raised on the
meadows and chicken and pigs fed with wheat and chestnuts. Behind the pastures,
wheat-fields and orchards you can find the mountains. If they do not turn them
into sacred hallowed places, they mine for copper, iron, gold and coal. They
use this metals to make various tool. The most beloved of this tools is the ax,
used by their lumberjacks, the butchers and the warriors alike.

If the wood-burner works diligently and enough metal is found in the mountain,
their weapon smith will forge battle-axes, spears and swords. Luckily he also
works as a bow-maker on the side supplying them with short bows.

Tho protect their warriors they manufacture medium wooden and medium metal
shields, leather and light metal armor. To protect the heads of their warriors
they use leather caps, helmets and horned helmets. The latter one are seen as
quite prestigious among them and are given to the most important warriors to
boost their morale in battle.

\input{chapters/tribes/vikings/society.tex}

\input{chapters/tribes/vikings/economy.tex}

\input{chapters/tribes/vikings/religion.tex}

\subsection{Starting conditions}\label{ch:Tribes:Vikings:Start}
The \gls*{Vikings} start with a great wooden hall. This is the center of their
community, where they can store resources and train warriors. The balconies of
the hall can also be manned by bowmen and the doors locked Turning this
building in a defensive point.

\subsection{Play-style}\label{ch:Tribes:Vikings:PlayStyle}
They are rather generic, growing food, mining for ore, felling trees. Their
gimmick are the sanctuaries, forcing them to carefully consider the use of
their territory. The sanctuaries give them a great natural defense and infinite
resources for little work. On the offensive they can rely on their medium
warriors, but are better of to use the spells of their great druids. In the
early game they can use their tool-smithy to forge axes and start raiding their
neighbors, before those build a working weapon production line. For
siege-warfare they rely on ladders and \textquote{The great bell}-spell. With
their ability to build longboats and upgrade their buildings from simple tents,
to huts, to wooden houses and then to stone houses, they are quite static. They
usually defend themselves with palisades, wooden walls and towers and in the
late game with stone walls.

Their true weakness is the desert, because they have neither sanctuary nor use
for it. They can also only farm on rare fertile soil and their yields are small
compared to other people.
