\chapter{The world}

The tribes you will play in is settled by different
\hyperref[ch:Tribes]{tribes}. These dwell together with wild animals, great
beasts and precious resources in the forests, jungles, grasslands and deserts
of the world.

To protect themselves from the elements and their opponents most of them chose
to erect great fortified cities and build thriving economies, governed by their
unique approach to the problems of the world and the deities they do or do not
worship.

To lead your chosen tribe to greatness you should learn about it, the other
tribes and the world they inhabit. This document is supposed to support you to
do this.

\section{Biomes}\label{sec:biomes}
Let us begin by talking about the different biomes within the world. These are
more or less hospitable in general and for some tribes specifically. They are
defined by different flora, fauna and resource abundance. A short summary is
provided here.

\begin{longtable}{cc ccc}
	\toprule
	Biome     & Trees   & Fertility & Animal-Danger & Minerals \\
	\midrule
	Grassland & Low     & Medium    & Lowest        & Lower    \\
	Forest    & Higher  & Medium    & Low           & Lower    \\
	Jungle    & Highest & Highest   & Higher        & Lowest   \\
	Desert    & Lowest  & Lower     & Higher        & Medium   \\
	Mountain  & Lower   & Lowest    & Higher        & Highest  \\
	\bottomrule
\end{longtable}

\section{Grassland}
Grassland is the simplest of all biomes. It is fertile for farming, hosts
rather tame wildlife and a few tries. Between the rocks some resource veins
might be discovered.

\section{Forest}
The forest is like the grassland biome but hosts some more hostile wildlife and
an abundance of trees. Within it mushrooms and

\section{Jungle}
The jungle is lush and fertile. Rare in minerals rich in dangerous animals it
is not well suited for most tribes. If the animals can be tamed and the trees
uprooted it is the most fertile biome.

\section{Desert}
The endless dry sand and rock of the desert hosts almost no life. The animals
that roam there are dangerous. The only fertile spots are found along rivers
and oasis. While it is poor land for farming it is excellent for mining, giving
a boost to the tribes that can tame this terrain.

\section{Mountain}
Bare rock bears no fruit and so no tribe can live on the mountain alone.
Despite that and the more dangerous wildlife the rich ore veins and the
abundance of rock encourage the tribes to build mining outposts within to feed
their growing industry.

\section{Sea}
The sea is not a biome that can be inhabited by the tribes, but its bounty they
can use.
